site/content/safe-decision-makers/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Information for decision-makers considering SAFe Framework"
short_title: "SAFe for Decision Makers"
description: Independent, evidence-based guide for decision-makers evaluating SAFe. Case studies, expert insights, and agile alternatives without vendor spin.
Type: "guide"
Layout: "root"
brand:
  bg_colour: "#0656b1ff"
guide_overview: |
  [SAFe Decision Guide](/safe-decision-makers/latest) is a practitioner-curated review of evidence and expert perspectives to support informed decision-making in large-scale Agile adoptions.
guide_logo: "safe-decision-guide-logo.png"
weight: 1
discussionForumUrl: "https://groups.google.com/g/agileinformeddecisionmaking"
guide_license: |
  This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International License.
guide_comparison:
  purpose: "Evidence-based decision support"
  ethos: "Community-driven, transparent, independent"
  audience: "Executives and decision-makers evaluating SAFe"
  use_case: "Is SAFe the right fit for our organisation?"
  content: "Case studies, expert opinions, and alternatives"
  update_model: "Open, collaborative, evolving"
which_to_use_summary: |
  Use this guide if you're exploring whether SAFe is a good fit for your organisation. It brings together case studies, expert analyses, and critical insights to help you assess risks, benefits, and potential alternatives.
layman_description: |
  This guide is a plain-language resource to help leaders understand what SAFe is, what challenges others have faced with it, and how to make better choices for their teams. It summarises real-world experiences and provides practical advice.
practitioner_description: |
  This is a curated, evidence-based reference for practitioners and leaders considering SAFe. It compiles lessons learned from real case studies, expert assessments, and alternatives. It is designed to expose potential pitfalls, encourage scrutiny, and support better-informed Agile scaling decisions.
aliases:
  - /safe-decision-makers/latest
---

Commit message:

fix: enhance guide content for clarity and relevance; remove outdated details and improve layout

site/content/safe-decision-makers/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Information for decision-makers considering SAFe Framework"
short_title: "SAFe for Decision Makers"
description: Independent, evidence-based guide for decision-makers evaluating SAFe. Case studies, expert insights, and agile alternatives without vendor spin.
Type: "guide"
Layout: "root"
brand:
  bg_colour: "#0656b1ff"
guide_overview: |
  [SAFe Decision Guide](/safe-decision-makers/latest) is a practitioner-curated review of evidence and expert perspectives to support informed decision-making in large-scale Agile adoptions.
guide_logo: "safe-decision-guide-logo.png"
weight: 1
discussionForumUrl: "https://groups.google.com/g/agileinformeddecisionmaking"
guide_license: |
  This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International License.
guide_comparison:
  purpose: "Evidence-based decision support"
  ethos: "Community-driven, transparent, independent"
  audience: "Executives and decision-makers evaluating SAFe"
  use_case: "Is SAFe the right fit for our organisation?"
  content: "Case studies, expert opinions, and alternatives"
  update_model: "Open, collaborative, evolving"
which_to_use_summary: |
  Now that Agile passed the early adopter stage, there are many companies interested in adopting it, and many practitioners interested in learning it. Yet those companies and practitioners without extensive Agile experience have a hard time evaluating what will bring them value and what not. The information collected in this document is to help them make an informed decision.
layman_description: |
  This guide is a plain-language resource to help leaders understand what SAFe is, what challenges others have faced with it, and how to make better choices for their teams. It summarises real-world experiences and provides practical advice.
practitioner_description: |
  This is a curated, evidence-based reference for practitioners and leaders considering SAFe. It compiles lessons learned from real case studies, expert assessments, and alternatives. It is designed to expose potential pitfalls, encourage scrutiny, and support better-informed Agile scaling decisions.
aliases:
  - /safe-decision-makers/latest
  - /safe-decision-makers/details
---
